Epic/CL2-6614/increase pb use cases (#482)
CitizenLabDotCo/CitizenLab: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added Italian to platform

> - Expanded PB: new currencies (tokens/credits), minimum budget, copy changes

Reviewer: Would write it out a bit more elaborate (with sub items), as not everyone knows what `PB` means or gets the context of the change

```suggestion
- Improved participatory budgeting
  - Support for new virtual currencies (TOK: tokens, CRE: credits)
  - A minimum budget limit can be configured per project, forcing citizens to fill up their basket to some extent
  - Copy improvements
```

Author: I'd even go further and distinguish between min = max budget (which translates to a fixed amount of currency that must and can be spent at the same time), and min < max (which translates to a minimum that should be spent and that should stay below a certain budget

Author: (just added it)
